## Post-submission reflection
1. Describe your problem-solving approach while building this capstone.  What steps did you take to understand the requirements, plan your solution, and implement the features?
- I read the instructions and the docs .md file. I then created a table that had the method (GET, DELETE, UPDATE), followed by the route (/movies, /movies/:movieId/theaters, etc), and lastly the requirements for the route. I added additional column to the far left which allowed me to add checkmarks as each item was completed successfully.

2. Explain one key technical decision you made during your implementation.  Why did you choose this approach over other possible solutions?
- One of the technical decisions I made was to change the location of the `list` function in the `reviews.controller.js`, which occurred because I was methodically working through the routes using the docs and solved it by working through `movies_read.md` file by using a newly created function `listReviews` in the `movies.controller.js` file. Then once I realized the intent was to use the `list` function in `reviews.controller.js` file I either would have had to rework the code or leave it as is. I decided to leave as is and you can see my explanation for the unused code in the `reviews.controller.js` file.
The other desion I made was to add a general `errorHandler` file instead of adding it to `app.js` but keeping the error for unmatched routes in the `app.js`. This allows any developer to easily see that any routes that are not definied will return an error at a glance in one relavant location, and then allows other errors that are not route related to be centralized using `errorHandler`.

3. AI use disclosure  Did you use any AI tools at any stage while preparing or developing this capstone?
Yes or No- If yes, briefly describe how you used them responsibly.
- I used Claude to help me solve adding an error for routes that do not exists. Specifically, I prompted Claude to explain to me why the test is failing without giving me specific code solution. The reply from Claude was "There's no catch-all 404 handler, so unmatched routes get 'undefined' response. You need a not-found middleware between the routes and the error handler."
This led me to add the error handler for unmatched routes to the app.js file.

4. What is one area of backend engineering that you want to strengthen based on your experience developing this project?
- The one area of backend engineering that I want to strengthen based on my experience developing this project is practicing deploying different APIs into production. While this project allowed me to do that, I'm not completely comfortable with the steps to ensure it's done properly everytime. I'm planning a few additional projects that will enable me to do so.

5. Optional industry question  How would you use AI tools ethically and effectively in real backend engineering workflows (for example, for debugging, documentation lookups, or brainstorming improvements)?
- AI tools are great at finding information quickly but still require validation. AI answers may not have context of your application since there are many different variables to consider when it comes structure and architecture of a project and the training data may be out of date as well. This can result in incorrect solutions being given. As a result, it is important to understand the answer provided and how it fits into your project before moving forward. It is also important to test the AI solutions before pushing it into production code as well.
An example I have is me attempting to create a Ventoy drive that has multiple different live boot Operating System (OS) .iso files and separate partitions that have persistently installed OS. When I presented my idea to ChatGPT, it congratulated me on being brilliant and thinking of this and proceeded to give me step-by-step instructions on what to do. After several failed attempts I did a Google search and found out that Ventoy requires the entire drive to be dedicated to the .iso files and will not allow other partitions to be created to install persistent OS. When I pointed that out, ChatGPT appologized profuselly and confirmed that what I was trying to accomplish was not technically feasable.
When it comes to AI, it is best practice to verify the information it provides.